February 14, 2018 1-2PM
Attendance: Full Attendance 
Topics Discussed:
1. Deciding on flask to create web app skeleton
2. Giving out tasks to be completed by next friday 
3. Discussing plans for the actual game
  -Tutorial for concepts before questions are asked
  -Deciding on python as first code being taught
 Tasks for Next Week:
 Sai: uploads code skeleton for website
 Brian: Organize git reposititory and branches, prototype profile page
 Ben: Incorporate sign in feature for website
 Cory: Button that leads to an empty assignemnt 1
 Matt: Experience bar/scoreboard

February 21, 2018 1-2PM
Attendance: full attendance
Topics Discussed:
1. Issues with current features like having to click sign in button twice after Google login
2. Virtualization to control security with running people's code
3. Ideas on how to grade code
Tasks for Next Week:
Sai: Start drawing avatar designs
Brian: Solve the issue with profiles
Ben: Merge to develop
Cory: Film the prototype
Matt: implement leaderboard page

February 28, 2018 1-2PM
Attendance: full attendance
Things we did this past week:
As a group, we completed our prototype, with buttons for user sign-in, assignments, and a leaderboard
Also, we filmed a prototype video, uploaded it to youtube, and updated our readme accordingly 
Topics Discussed:
1. Best way to fulfill user story for alpha release
2. Decided on focusing more on building fun games that teach the user about coding, as opposed to coding assignments
3. Redefined team roles to reflect the above changes in our project's focus
4. Implementing cookies or some other way to save user progress (to avoid dealing with google sign-in)
Tasks for Next Week:
Sai, Matt: brainstorm game design
Brian: clean up code and make template for Ben and Cory's assignment
Ben, Cory: brainstorm/write a first lesson and start adding it to the site

March 7, 2018 1-2 PM
Attendance: FULL ATTENDANCE EVERYONE ARRIVED ON TIME
Things we did this past week: created a Facebook group chat (so we'll only use Gitter to respond to users with questions), brainstormed about
what our specific first lesson/code game should be

Topics Discussed: the specific type of game we want to do for the Alpha release, we're thinking the first lesson we should teach users 
should be types and variables, later on we want to teach the users about functions, and then finish with helping the user create a twitter
bot; for the alpha release, we want to create a drag and drop game that teaches the users how to properly assign a variable, etc.

Tasks for Next Week:
Sai, Matt: touch up game design/close their issue
Ben, Cory, edit/complete first lesson/close their issue
Brian: finalize template for front-end


